# UpCare-2.0
Upcare provides end to end solution for healthcare professionals and users. This web application has been developed to target the need of doctors, patients, pathology laboratory and pharmacy companies. This application addresses the complete record keeping of patients wherein the doctors can monitor their progress and past records of prescription and test results on the other side patients will feel confident via Artificial Intelligence based application wherein they got comparison of their treatment with worldwide practice. this application also minimize the hassles of the patients in terms of minimizing their movement and providing them nearest best solution in terms of laboratories and pharmacy shops 

It has been observed that patients are confused while searching for the best doctors for their treatment. This application will show a list of best doctors in your vicinity where in patients can book their appointments with doctors and simultaneously as the patient will book the appointment, a patient queue will be displayed at the doctor’s end. at the patient’s portal, he/she can enter the symptoms and will able to know their possible diseases. This application is based on a ML model {decision tree} which works on a huge database collected by our team in order to predict this possible disease. At the same instance these symptoms entered by the patient will be displayed at the doctor end wherein after looking at patient symptoms he can provide us meeting link and the same link will be displayed at the patient portal and after the successful meeting the doctor’s prescription will be displayed at the patient page. on the other hand and in future it has been decided to implement a ML model wherein the doctors will be assisted in prescribing the medicine and simultaneously we have also planned to develop a data mining model wherein the treatment will be compared with worldwide doctors to showcase the authenticity and validity of treatment in percentage and the same comparison graph will be displayed at patient portal and this is the feature which make patients feel satisfied about the treatment. 

This application has the option for the patients to buy the medicines at the patient’s page as and when he will click on the link pin and buy the portal will show the medicine shops where all the medicines prescribed by the doctors are available. After choosing the pharmacy shop u can add to cart your medicines. On the other side at pharmacy shop page complete buy and payment option are available. Further it is planned to integrate this portal with online payment apps {GPAY, Paytm, etc...} 

The Upcare also providing end to end solution with pathology labs wherein all the test suggested by doctors will be displayed at patient ends and path labs options will be available as pharmacy shops and similar kind of feature are available to book your appointment with labs. And the best part of this Upcare application is that it will update all {prescription, test results, medicine bill etc...}the stakeholders with messages and mails. 

We are planning to make this application fully loaded with AI engines to provide the best in all aspects in healthcare industry
